Don't worry.
You won't be disappointed.
The Song family is not an easy target
If you don't do it well this time, the consequences will be serious
Sister, I am responsible for most of the plans of Fu's long-term docking with the Song's
Since I choose to be on your side
I can definitely help you
OK, try it.
Please rest, princess
Hello
Help me investigate who Fu Jingjing has been in contact with recently, ASAP.
It's getting dark! Why didn't you wake me up?
Sister, I'm sorry to wake you up because you're tired.
You see, I have changed it for you. If you are not satisfied with anything, I will modify it again.
You did all this.
Of course. Are you still satisfied?
Well, I didn't expect you to have some talent in finance
Usually I underestimate you, should my sister reward me?
Don't make trouble, it's easy to misunderstand if you are seen in the company.
I don't care.
I asked my sister to reward me.
Sister, you listen well.
Anyone?